---
Title: Raising Issues
Weight: 20
---

== Raising Issues

An issue is an area where you can feel the project could be improved,
for example, you could report a problem or bug you've encountered while
using the software, a feature you feel is missing, or a gap in the
project's documentation.

When raising issues via our GitHub repository ensure you state the issue
clearly with a full description of steps to reproduce, what version(s)
of SuiteCRM the issue was found in and; if relevant what platform it is
running on and a screenshot of the issue. This will allow any
contributor to easily identify and potentially address the issue. Here
is the GitHub guide to all things issues.

Good example of a raised issue:

https://github.com/salesagility/SuiteCRM/issues/1519[https://github.com/salesagility/SuiteCRM/issues/1519]

== Security

We take Security seriously here at SuiteCRM so if you have discovered a
security risk report it by emailing security@suitecrm.com. This will be
delivered to the product team who handle security issues. *Please don't
disclose security bugs publicly* until they have been handled by the
security team.

Your email will be acknowledged within 24 hours during the business week
(Mon - Fri), and youâ€™ll receive a more detailed response to your email
within 72 hours during the business week (Mon - Fri) indicating the next
steps in handling your report.

== Labelling

We have a number of labels that we tag issues with to define it's type,
priority, and action.

[discrete]
===== Type:

* bug
* duplicate
* invalid
* question
* suggestion

[discrete]
===== Priority:

* Low Priority
* Medium Priority
* High Priority

[discrete]
===== Action:

* Resolved: Next Release
* Fixed Proposed
* Pending Input
* Wrong Branch
* In Review

We encourage users whom feel an issue should be raised as a higher
priority for a next release that they should make a comment to that
affect. This also applies to incorrect labelling.

